{
    "rOqgRiNMVqg": {
        "captions": "So it is the Security, Governance, Growth, and Data Science meeting, applied ML, ML Ops, and Anti-Abuse team meeting. That's a big mouthful, we might get a better name over time. Our meeting for September 14th or 15th in APAC. Hi Ala, glad you're here! Why are you here when it's midnight? We can talk, glad you're here. Don't make it happen to come to this meeting because it's really late for you, maybe. But I'm glad, thanks for coming at least once. So news and events, I've got a lot of things on the agenda today because of some of this. So apologies for that, but I think it's going to go down over time based on feedback. I'll work on summarized communications to improve the signal-to-noise ratio in my communications to groups of people, including this group of people. This was worked for this group, adding more items to our staff meeting agenda often every only rather than posting on your Slack Channel, and I am going to be assuming that people, leaders on the team, will attend this meeting or read the notes.\n\nNext item, Anti-Abuse is moving product sections from Security to Data Science. Data Science is effectively a rename of the Model Ops section. Data Science will include two stages: the existing Model Ops, which has three groups in it, and the Anti-Abuse stage, which only currently has one group called, Anti-Abuse. I think at some point there are plans to split Anti-Abuse into two groups, but that's not in the near future, and we're working through all the changes around that. Continuing with the important points and hot issues, I know there's a big rock but would belong here more than other places. So did that survey where you got an awesome response rate from the team on how to improve the MR rate for the team, and I took a really long time to go through all the results and summarize and make initial recommendations, so you lost a little bit of momentum. I got caught up in other things like cross-functional prioritization and a customer escalation. So since this was actually used by John to lead a discussion at the development off-site last week.\n\nRegarding the discussion, we're brainstorming on the development vision and mission, and direction we're brainstorming on in the development department. On vision and mission in particular, the approach is we want everybody to open up a little spreadsheet and follow the instructions, anybody interested? So if you're interested, it should take about 10 to 15 minutes, please do it in the next week. That makes sense, so Safety is saying you haven't added it to individual team members' YAML files in the handbook yet, right? I believe for that one, there's just one task for it, we could, I think that should do it. Well, it should, it shouldn't be using just roulette, they should be using that as a source of who's there. Continuing with the meeting topics, Olivier has popped back on Slack to announce that the newest edition of their family is here and happened over the weekend. Congratulations to his family, and we'll be hoping to celebrate him later when he returns to work. Thanks everybody, have a great day!"
    },
    "Tmd5eKVgySY": {
        "captions": "Obviously, we couldn't go right, so it's the SEC growth data science staff meeting which we just discussed a confidential topic. Now we're going to discuss the non-confidential things. It looks like Nate, you have the first item. Yeah, just a bit of news about new hires. The compliance group has a senior front-end engineer joining on November 28th. So that's our one incredibly-based out of New Zealand as well. So that's awesome, and we have another, hopefully some good news next week as well. Around this now, let's keep us moving. Yeah, I got next. So we noted this in Slack last week, but it's worth repeating here. So we've got a four-year work anniversary and a three-year work anniversary. One for first Versatia and the to garage. So they put up with us for a long time. This is always worth celebrating, so I'm glad they're here. So we'll consider to the meeting, Mr. Earth is an outside shadow and also a community contributor. Yeah, foreign, yes. So just news and events since we're coming up on a U.S holiday week next week. SEC retrospective, we're going to go ahead and schedule it for the week after. So that'll be November 30th or December 1st depending upon location. We'll go ahead and do the same thing we've been doing with Two sessions. So just want to give everybody a heads up that those are coming and going to be scheduled. Good stuff. Best in Class bi also known as bicokrs for securing Governor being finalized for Q4 byproduct management with ETF Distributing them by the end of this week. Once they are, please be sure to engage on them ASAP as we want to accomplish the ones slated 4p4 in Q4 wherever feasible. If it would help, we can consider changing team priorities of the teams working on the okrs and those not to help out. Please also continue to give PM feedback and ask questions about the okrs and the associated epics and issues to make sure we understand the goals and ways to deliver them as iteratively and effectively as possible. It sounds a little bit scary; we're getting. Who cares, you know, a couple of weeks into the quarter, but the thing from PM is the best in class so cares are likely going to be the work already on the backlog. A subset of the work already in the backlog that we're already working or plan in the next two or more releases. But we don't know if we won't know for sure until we see them. And I'm on vacation for the next two weeks, so you won't see me, bring, you know, sharing a load of these once they're announced. That is why I'm bringing up here, any questions or comments about that. So the TLDR here is we're talking with our product managers, what work have you got coming up for us in Q4 that you've already prioritized that relates to Best in Class, yes, great. And then we need to choose between those and other things. We should choose those; it's, you know, it's very, very generic, you know, guidance, of course, but we don't know the details yet, so it has to be generic. Also, if you haven't already done so, please add a comment to good, bad, and try on your Q3 Q3 okrs since we're two weeks into Q4 and tag your manager for review and then close them sometime in the next week or so would be great. In the hallway, you know, should we invite newly created Google Groups, the new that we created for each team as optional for this meeting so that the individual contributors are more aware of this meeting in case they want to attend to review the notes and recording. I just put a note, I didn't think it was necessary. I think just putting it on the group calendar is enough. There are a lot of events on the group calendar. I want to promote the idea that any event on the calendar you can go to; you don't actually have to be on the specific invite so I didn't think it was necessary. The other concern, of course, as managers, we all know this if we invite people to a meeting, they feel compelled to be there if something comes from way. People would be like oh I need to go and we don't want to create that, but we I definitely understand we want to make sure people feel welcome a good point. We have also learned that people ignore group calendars primarily maybe do a poll and slack to see if people want it added but to your point said this let them know. Just because they're invited doesn't mean they have to come. It's exactly the opposite. So what does everybody else think? Strong opinions either way. I agree with responsive CIS points there really but yeah, we want to we want to advertise better. I think the Slate poll is a good way to do that. I'm happy to run that if, you know, someone else wants to okay, tell the tours thank you. So I'm out next week, but I'm out next week, but I canceled next week's meeting because many of us are in the U.S. at least I think Canada too are trying to make sure to pard next week due to holidays. So the week after I'm also out and looking for volunteers to organize this meeting um Phil, you just I see you volunteered on this Thomas. You did too since you just volunteered on the last thing Phil, Thomas, you want to take this one? Yeah, I got it okay, I'll do the transfer of the as appropriate little keeping um also be aware that performance indicator meeting for second data science that's monthly is November 30th also well-amount it's all so please plan accordingly, Phil, Thomas and more to do your you k ow pre-work or homework and participate sync or async as appropriate. And I just want to make sure we got a ACK on all these from Phil, Thomas and more. So I already saw that thank you. Seth, you have a comment about this? Yeah, just thanks for calling performance indicator so one thing to see so many acronyms being used and it's really hard to know what these meetings are about because we are overdosing on acronyms yeah; it used to mean to me Product intelligence because I was a team that reported to Phil but it doesn't mean that to me anymore but it does mean to that team, we have also overloaded terms as more Taylor likes to remind. We have two teams called data science at GitLab, come on and another one. And that creates confusion too good point. These are interesting things if you want to look at talks about what PM's goals are and what metrics they use the engineering metrics that we're familiar with like error budget and percentage of issues that are maintenance versus bugs versus features. But this group actually might be particularly interested in the PM metrics like usage of the systems and customer growth and I find that stuff really interesting you might too or you might not but you're definitely welcome. Phil you've got d cool um we have a get together. We normally have a get together great for the first month of the quarter because it's Q4. Instead we have a end up year holiday party budget. We talked with Christopher, async and he is thinking of delegating that down to the sub-department level which means we'd have some flexibility in what we organize. I'm interested to hear what people in this group and your team so please share with them and what they would like to do. Do you want to do something at this level where we have maybe three meetings in a 24-hour period and we invite a lot of people? Do you want to break out into smaller groups? Do you want to include your counterparts product and stable counterparts yeah I'm interested to hear what people want to do yeah um uh Carmel and the growth team they've started an issue to discuss it um to discuss what they want to do um yeah any other suggestions um yeah, for monologues we'll actually bring this up even in the team meeting and add uh probably even start up Azure report to discuss um last time obviously it was very small the team um but yeah so hopefully bye we'll get more details soon aside of the ordering food does anybody have any great ideas on how to cash in on that hundred bucks oh um last year it was what four or five we did secret Santa and it was really interesting to see how engaging everyone was of it was interesting definitely we did um they really wanted to know what the other person would actually want as a gift um so um yeah that was that was fun um so what I'm going to do is I'll create one issue for this group and I'll put some of the ideas that we've had and put examples of what we've done last year at various sub-department levels um I'll share it I'll ping you all on that issue you can take it away to your teams create your own issues decide what you want to do and we'll all come back together in a week or two and organize what we're doing we need to check, the latest guidance on what we can what you can purchase as part of the holiday budget set to recall there was an update recently so we want to make sure things like secret Santa are still allowed. All right look at the time I'll go next it's hard to follow that up with metrics but I'm going to anyway um so, um so I was talking with Derek earlier this week and he's part of a working group for DevSecOps adoption and we've historically within SEC so secure and governance we've had a challenge with metrics and accurate metrics collection and so he's looking for an engineer to help him with that to help reconcile this particular situation looking for a point of contact that he can work with across the section itself and so the so I was bringing this here and to find out if ever if uh does any team have an engineer that might be interested in a section-wide initiative that would help out that would be based within the Rails platform to help out with this and I won't look for hand-raising lives but please consider and get back to me asynchronous whenever you have a moment. I'll be asking more later this week as well. So I've been discussing this with Derek as well because there's a lot of updates needed in compliance and I have an engineer who's working tightly on that and I'll ask them whether they're willing to look at the section lead and get back to you okay thank you sir I appreciate it tomorrow you've got next yep I opened up a team or an issue for planning our section team day still trying to figure out what the date should be but we're thinking early in December first question is would anyone like to co-host or collaborate with me on finding this out and the second question is going to be around in the past attendance has been fairly low so just brainstorming ideas on how we could improve attendance there and could be carried out ASAP as well um Sid Earth is as I mentioned as a GitLab community contributor so any questions for Siddharth like why, he's a community contributor or Sid Earth any questions for this group it looks like Thomas you've got a question for Siddharth yeah it's two parts um so I'll start it so thank you for joining us uh so first question is how long have you been a contributor to the project and the follow-on to it is has it been getting easier or harder to contribute so like I've been contributing in GitLab for one and a half years and like it's been a great journey like I've been with GitLab. I've also done Google summer of code with GitLab so like it was fun and it's been the art of the coaster ride so yeah like I'm enjoying contributing to GitLab yeah sure any questions for this group I know you've met a few of the people all previously in various meetings but any questions for this group of engineering managers and senior engineering managers and legal counsel that happened to be here today not right now but I'll let you know like I haven't okay cool apologies that we went a good bit over time but we had a lot to discuss and discuss a lot of good stuff so thanks everybody have a great."
    },
    "JwBNYjaEwmQ": {
        "captions": "McDonald's Way, how are you doing, sir? I should announce that this is the SEC growth since data science staff meeting for January 18th. I don't know. Yeah, hey George, hey Wayne, hey Thomas, George, how are you, sir? I am good. How about you doing, all right, and I am admiring the reimagined series of elements on the wall behind you. I've heard this comment so many times. I'm sorry, oh, it's fine, it's fine, completely fine, it's not that, actually yeah, but anyway, it's a design practice I used to try a while ago. So, we'll get started in about a minute, we're all early, that means everybody else is late. I say in jest since this is being live-streamed, is it possible philosophically, is it possible to be late in all meetings or options, is it possible? It sounds like a quote from somewhere. I don't know. I think yes, if anyone who joins late asks people to back up in the agenda, you're actually late and you shouldn't ask for that. But all meetings are up, hey, hey, how are you doing, Wayne? Good, we'll get started in about 30 seconds, did you have a good long weekend? Yeah, how about everybody else, George, Thomas? How was your weekend?\n\nRelaxing, largely good, I just need kids to not get sick anymore. So, it's the SEC growth data science staff meeting for January 18th. We were talking about other things before we get started, but when we get started, so first, welcome, George, who's my shadow this week and a GitLab core Community contributor. Hey, everyone. So why don't we jump over to the tomorrow? It looks like you're the next item. Yeah, I just wanted to give a huge shoutout to Lucas and James for receiving the discretionary bonus on their efforts on a recent customer escalation. Not only Lucas and James were involved, Thiago, thank you for not only proposing the discretionary bonus but also all your efforts on this as well as Neil, who's not present. So, it's great collaboration across the stage section and other teams. So, we've got a development newsletter that we're working on to talk about in this meeting. Before, after reviewing it in Christopher's staff meeting, got some good feedback on it from a number of folks. The details are here as we get started on this. This epic, the first iteration is planned for February.\n\nIf you have topics that you think should be included or you want to weigh in on the topics that are included, please collaborate on the issue for the February newsletter and also please make your teams aware so they can collaborate on the content if they're interested in doing so. Some have already collaborated on it, which is great. \n\nI think I just posted this less than 24 hours ago, so good stuff. Please also review draft Q10 OKRs for secure gather, govern, growth, and data science. I put mine in earlier today and you know please start working on OKRs for your teams and keeping these in mind but also coming up with your own based on the overall themes in the GitLab values, of course. \n\nDo we want to review these live with that? We've done that in the past. Do we want to do that maybe in a Zoom emoji up/down or if you want to or up if you want to reveal a lot of foreign. So I'm not going to share my screen because this issue is public. I put in the chat, and George, I think I said this to you as well, so you have it okay. Good.\n\nSo, some of the themes and I've started mine based off Christopher's etc but again, these are all drafts. Objective one, increasing Revenue by growing a customer result mindset and delivering results. So, continued work on Federal um for SLAs for vulnerabilities, meeting the SLAs for vulnerabilities. Who for data science or AI-assisted code suggestions, MVC and a model registry MVC and these the rest of these into this one are based off the product management oes under secure continuous vulnerability scanning capabilities and dependency scanning and also a suit for secure a vision proof of concept for real-time SAS scanning with the new web UI. \n\nThese are, I think, a little bit more in flux, they're all in flux. I don't think product is settled on layers just yet, but that's great. We've got to really look at them questions or comments about those. As I realized my issue has two objective threes, so I will fix that as I talk, do you want feedback or commentary on this issue or do you want it on the agenda or do you want it in slack where do you want it, how about now? Okay, do I, okay, whatever you prefer, I'll start now and I'll happily go, I'll write them where I'll write them in the issue, dumb as well. \n\nContinuous vulnerability scanning is competing against deprecating license finder and composition analysis, so I'm dubious that both can be achieved particularly during this particular quarter particularly with 160 approaching at the very end. So, licensing finder replacement has the priority and the real-time SAS one target being web IDE or the web IDE Replacements. the product is saying that won't be ready web IDE replacement won't be ready for SAS until Q2 at the earliest and so there, I know I hear, I hear their not settled on that one yet like you were saying earlier and so but I'll put both of them in there yeah just because I've been saying it in the source issue that PM's goals are and tags probably you know some of this but not oh so that's good to know, good feedback great feedback. \n\nObjective two mature the platform to continue to be the leading DevSecOps platform, continue to TBD iterations to close Best in Class gaps pending discussion of product 100 of our teams are using GitLab as an OKR tool, you know we're getting off Ally it's kind of an easy one for us to achieve but important to achieve and raising the MRI rate TBD it's a overall Development Goal we want to look at ours as well objective three career growth of team members, team member training or 360 feedback cycle, figuring that out, a hiring goal TBD to be determined Town Assessment Follow-up and Action Plans based on feedback and finishing the world finish complete typo again complete the Gap analysis and delivery too be determined short-term wins for secure governance, growth in data science and lastly under application health error budgets and continue to burndown the list of customer impacting S1 and S2 books, generally we made progress always making progress on these including in Q4 that's initial patterns on these. \n\nWayne is Objective two kr1 does it overlap with objective three kr4 so the Gap analysis and the big gap, yeah, good point, very good point we need to simplify that where do you think it fits better oh it doesn't fit that well in Korea, I mean we're already doing the efforts on big right so between the two I would keep objective 2 kr1 yeah I'm going to delete that it's a duplicate in the wrong place anyway, good catch the before you do because I was looking at the I was looking at Christopher's OKRs yesterday I saw the after this I saw I had the same question Saga did but I had separated them eventually in that. I think some teams haven't finished the Gap analysis and I think this is to be a follow-on to the work that's happening in this quarter whether as 2.1 is what iterations have been identified that are not the quick wins. I think they're separate though it's fine, I'm still going to move it that's a good point. I'm going to move it to the above one um because it was definitely the wrong objective just refresh see if that makes more sense, basically I moved up simplified it and and moved it up from objective three objective two Wayne for application Health the resolve S1 and S2 are we just looking to achieve a particular velocity on a regular basis because we'll always have bugs coming right so it's not necessarily a burndown but maybe just a cap as to where we want to be or a threshold and maybe maybe also with a focus on overdues I don't know if we have any current overdue ones but Omar you were tracking the equivalent OKR for Q4 was that about overdues or any yeah, last I checked there weren't any overdue ones however throughout the course of Q4 like Seth mentioned if they did pop up under S2 but they were worked through and closed down as a result and we don't want to get to zero right because as Seth you mentioned they're always coming in we want to get to zero right but we don't want to have that as a goal. it would be resolving a number of them which would perhaps be the number we have currently and some more assuming more coming but yeah we'll figure that out that makes sense yep great question in additionally I think a focus on S3 and S4 might also be a good one because the list of US during the sport seemed to be longer usually always longer than this one it is too okay I know we're discussing this async which is great. Please put the comments later or not if you don't have been the Google Doc which is just fine you know Adam to the issue that'd be great.\n\nSo we're collaborating there as well for folks who didn't make the meeting or read it later or we forget all this great feedback all right moving on to the next topic can someone volunteer to verbalize C yeah sure let's see from left Staff meeting looking for volunteers to contribute to the audit work efforts this can be any senior higher ICS can also help with the technical bits Sam and Darva have started on this but we could use some help for context these efforts justify our financial audit and as such are important to overall success of the company more details in this document like here, yeah, I just went through this. I got some time to look at this I volunteered for one part we're still looking for volunteers for others so take a look see if you're interested for you or your engineers because there's some work for that fits nicely in a people leader and some for engineers as well some automation work. Is this a requirement just as a publically traded company or is this just a standard business practice to have a financial audit every year that is a great question. I don't know maybe I'm sorry kind of a related is this the audit that like the auditor sign off on as part of that or because we also talk about audits for FedRAMP and audits for this and audits for Ruby gems and we use the term audit quite a bit looking at the Christopher staffing itcg controls is what it's about what is itcg I don't actually know what ictcg is equal is my friend that's paid my team general controls great question maybe to ask um does a quick search looks like it's part of SOCKS which would be part of being a public company okay thanks for volunteering to Thomas looks like you've got next all righty this is just a big thank you for me so particularly for everybody's participation those weekly error budget issues we've got a link to this week's available there from the agenda it was my week to represent everyone here in the engineering allocation meetings that happened yesterday and the content here was hugely helpful not only in shortening the amount of time it took to prepare for that conversation but also providing additional context as to what was going on and so this was this was a big help so thank you thank you for this and it's it's much appreciated and extremely helpful you got to verbalize that I was going to yeah ice mo teaga great mustache I love that mustache mode I've been seeing it for years I miss it when I don't see it you know Alexander from Mach\u00e9's team is staying in my house with me and he early got this mug I said people go ask you where's Thiago and what have you done to him so he got a different mug if he happens to use it and join a meeting he has to join through your Zoom account we'll let him know any questions for the group George based on what we discussed and also does the group have any questions for George George has been a core team member community contributor to GitLab for many years I introduced George to Tim Zolman and they said oh hold on a second we've known each other for years since Tim's been around as well so George you have any questions for us or do we have any questions for George as a community contributor hello again George we we saw each other tomorrow how how are you enjoying the experience it's been great so far very informative and I mean I feel close to the yellow team and it feels good to be part of this process here do you feel like all the core members would benefit from The Experience absolutely yeah I brought this um initiative in the core team meeting a while ago and Apple will bring it again up some maybe others may be interested in joining yeah it's great having you and all this coming it's going to bring us closer to the community I like it so welcome one thing that George and I discussed earlier is we don't have a lot of community contributions to the secure to our stages secure governance growth and um and data science compared to the other stages and one of the reasons maybe that um people like contributing to things that they use and most of our stuff not all of it most of it is is you need an ultimate license to use and a community contributor can get an ultimate license to do community contribution work but they're not going to naturally gravitate towards it unless they're already a customer that has an ultimate license so I don't know if this would surely would not be the only thing to increase Community contributions first off the video of some including Dev slash ull this handle he's done a lot in the past I really appreciate him but for multiple reasons not just this one is move a subset of secure features and maybe governance features as well to the open core or the open-source part of the product and rather being binary like you can't get any of it unless you're an ultimate customer where we couldn't move too much or people would have no reason to pay but maybe we moved just enough where the open-source community gets access to those and value them and they can directly they start using them and immediately they they have feedback on them and they can go and improve it themselves with everybody and contribute so I know we've talked about this as a concept in the past and just figured I'd throw it in from the group for their thoughts Wayne have we considered switching responsibilities onto the ultimate license so for example as soon as we notice a new core member contribution we reach out and say hey he's a he's ultimate license valid for whatever we're comfortable with and keep track of that and just you know use that to build a stronger link will that be taxing on us have we thought about it I don't know if we thought about it but it sounds like a great idea you mean yeah right George you received say hey your ultimate I said what does this do let me go have a look I think it's already part of the heroes program where you know when you contribute after some time you also get the ultimate license for a group but I don't remember if it's like on the first Tire or the second cool Maybe this is combing the ideas Thomas you were saying yeah George when you're looking for or identifying where you're going to contribute how do you identify that opportunity is it by issues is it by things you notice is it features you want what do you what do you how do you look I have multiple ways I mean sometimes it's just something on the application that bothers me or it's like moving one pixel to the left or or there is something that I'm always always looking for migration initiatives where we migrate to the pajamas components and make the application more robust and yeah sometimes I just go through the community contributions take a look what's going on if there's anything I can help forward things to the right person our team but yeah like open-source in some parts of the security features would be really nice because you know when you contribute to something it would be nice to get something out of it or use it later and I think in the past historically we have been open-sourcing features from the premium tiers and that would be something to consider foreign thanks everybody have a great day."
    },
    "Y33pKPUamCQ": {
        "captions": "Directly, hey! The recording is cool, nice. So, I know that you have had some discussions in the last session that I didn't attend due to my day off about the capacity for the UX research and communicating that to the PMs. So, I'm curious, will you guys move this topic to this session? What were some of the outcomes that you finished? You know, what was discussed? Basically, there was a pretty long discussion. I mean, I heard multiple views and there were different perspectives on how we should manage this. So, I don't think we reached a concrete conclusion besides just, yes, we need to communicate our capacity to our PMs and we need to find a good way to do that. I don't think we reached a very concrete conclusion and I think there were still thoughts regarding this. That's why we moved it here. Can I conclude that conversation? Any idea of where to start? I'm curious, how do you do this? How do you guys do this at the stages today in your stage groups? I thought more about it. I definitely am more mindful about it this way with my PMs to see how I was communicating my capacity. And I realized that maybe I don't have mechanisms like reporting that capacity to them, like at least not until we meet and go through the backlog or the roadmap. And there's like, okay, I can do this, I can do that. But yeah, so I realized that maybe there's something missing, which is clarity and better visibility of my situation is a little bit different, music up to 2 PM to group. So, like, I think it's very important for them to see how things are, like how one team works on one of my groups, so they can plan against my work there. But still, I think there's an opportunity there to communicate more. You know, like I don't know if it's maybe, you know, like sharing with them aboard in Slack with all my issues, you know. Maybe that could be something so they can just go look into that synchronously. But that's my idea that I had or maybe just like kind of like telling them, like at the beginning of the week, this is what I'm doing this week. I am at full capacity, expect me not to be available to work on these. I'd be more proactive. That's what I thought. Like, those were the thoughts that I have that I was having this big I don't know who else. I was just having the discussion with Tao and both e. Engineering managers of Sti about basically creating more visibility and what is being done for a milestone. And then we eventually got to the point where there was a little section in the issue. She was, she's thinking of creating that displays, you know, design priorities or design responsibilities. And what I said to her back was like, hey, we need to make sure that we are not, you know, putting the design responsibilities within a time box of a milestone because, you know, it doesn't fit in there. Some design efforts might, you know, fit into weeks while others fit into one and a half months, right. And with that, we got to the discussion back to like a discussion board style of working. And that kind of falls in line with the validation tracking board, which had been discussed in the Feey UX weekly once upon a time. And, you know, like a few weeks ago, I was asked if others already apply this. So the idea is that you have your columns of problem validation. You, desig, workflow, design, and workflow solution validation. And instead of filtering down for a milestone, we filter down. You know, as a Nice assignee, so you know. I filter down to continuous integration and the overhead meter per thea and I see, you know, my issues within those columns. And if one moves to the next or one moves to planning breakdown or scheduling, whatever it means that a spot has opened up to some extent. That is a simplified way of looking at it because we don't individually weigh issues. And I'd say our process in this will be different than engineering. But it's like it kind of visualize it in a way, you know, hey, what is the weight or what is the current effort for design at this very moment? And if something changes then let's review this. For example, weekly and say, like, hey, things changed versus last week. Hey, something did change. The spot opened up. Does this mean you can add in a new issue? Because if so, then let's already do that, you know, work ahead. And that's the idea. We took a little bit of a different approach. We have a very..."
    },
    "kGHyK_SkZB0": {
        "captions": "My car? Maybe you can? Yeah, but I don't know where this is getting recorded, to a cloud or my computer anyway. Um, yeah. So, I was saying that Sa'Jug, I learned a lot from the process that you were following and all the learnings that came from that. And, so, like we thought that it's going to be good to kick it off as soon as possible and not wait for everything to develop first and then think about where to place it. Yeah, yeah, I think this is the right way to go. Thanks for sharing. Um, so my item, there is a pretty big and rather radical change from the cicd private catalog. So, we discussed this a lot and this came up and inspired me a lot while I did the journey map exercise. And I didn't feel it's right to have this private cicd catalog scope here, namespace, because we have interviewed several self-management customers. It could be really multiple namespaces. I'm not going to disclose the exact number but it could be a lot, of course, it depends on the organization's side and how Dove announced this change and this will impact a bit of our product roadmap or the timeline. The design-wise, the impact is not that big but I think this is the right way to go. So, I was really supportive about this change and yeah you can see that now we simplify the structure so we will have one organization catalog and one open-source catalog that is kind of similar to The Marketplace. And I have personal updates so you can read through it. I might need to reschedule some of our coffee chat or one-on-one if I need to from next week until the end of September. Wanted to share with you all. Um, so higher ass items emojis are not working, it's mostly common control shift that works for me to show the model for the Emojis. I use it a lot so, I'm not sure about the storage space. Okay, so Maria is not here so we can just go through this asynchronously. Maybe we can move to research, yes. So, I am just analyzing all the sessions from how do we use AI to help users optimize their Run or CI builds, and it was pretty cool. We used like a decision tree process from this book on AI that I'm reading. And basically, the idea is if you can put the decisions into clear if statements then you have support that you can automate this workflow a bit. So, we didn't know if it would be like, I think about this but that's related to this and this is really but actually it's like pretty straightforward anyway. So, I won't go into the results but I'm working on the report and I think I'll share it with the uxr team soon and then it will come out next week. But there's really good information in there about just the details that people need to make decisions and kind of the outcomes for optimizing Pipelines and the process is very trial and error and set it and forget it. That's the main thing. So, I think that's like one of our CI learnings. Just like the biggest thing I've learned at GitLab is that they don't think of these things in their minds either like they specialize in it, they execute and then they go away. But I think that there's also findings related to how to support teamwork so I think you'll like the report and then next week or as soon as I kind of like get my mind into that report then I'll start working on this how users are using GitLab in the cloud and would you want to ask your question? Yeah, um could you just elaborate a little bit more on the effort? Yeah, so I'm actually very proud of us as a product company that we're like ready to move into this space, um, so we're looking at kind of the connection points between GitLab and the cloud and like where the workflow lengths are kind of the tools that users are using and that'll inform part um, some integrations that we're building like soon with GCP but then also long-term what works well in terms of the integrating that does it and that's actually where I think we can bring in some questions about like resources and whether or not they should live at the project or the group level, like how teams access like secrets for example where do those get stored and GitLab and is it like, higher up organization because I'm thinking a lot about this new change that's coming related to organizations with some new modes because that's like the new play with the catalog which I think is really smart which is to put it up there but then I'm wondering like what else could we move up there like maybe the secrets because they're organized at this company level but that's what we could look into, talking about that Erica I like can you later go and chime into the issue that I've created for navigation and like share your views there because yeah we don't want even though I have mentioned about like taking it out of cicd, if there's any research that points at we should have it maybe as a part of my navigation or at a higher level in navigation we should be aware of that and that would help us inform the methodologies that we would like select for research okay I think we haven't gotten that detailed because that's actually like really tactical most of the research so far has been like what is a secret so but I'll look I'll look I'll put the lens on there but I think I won't have much yeah but I think from this study we might get something okay okay and by the way I've also picked this up based on your recommendations you can read that chapter three oh sorry okay go ahead oh it's okay uh I just had another like follow-up question um are you only looking at GitLab SAS users? Subs try to read through your issue and I mentioned that because one of the teams that I work with in enablements currently, the application Performance Group is changing their name to the Cloud Connector okay, and they're focusing on self-managed users essentially, giving them access to like AI features and things that would be available through GitLab SAS but at the self-managed level so that might be a good team to connect with um you know in terms of this research okay awesome well thank you thank you I think we landed on the stats yeah but either way I think they would at least be interested in that's so helpful well thank you I'm embarrassed that I can't quickly find that in the issue but it's okay I'm on this other project yeah so if you want to Ping their entire group I can list the channel there and then I can also list the PM as well okay cool I'll just put thank you thank you we'll go team and then I have this this note, I have to find it you know but I'm watching The Sessions again and again so it's coming um but there's this lovely quote about how we made a change and the details people could see about the pipelines completing and this woman was like I love it I used it the other day to show my Executives that I need more funding for my pipelines because I could show like kind of the times and how if we reorganize things this would impact the times and then she used that to buy more of our product so that's like the best you can put this in your portfolio where are we showing the pipeline summary I'm sorry oh um well I mean I'm I don't know but what she was telling me was that the new way that she can look at the metrics allowed her to make this argument I need to pull up I'll pull up the quote okay it was Priyanka okay the other updates before I go over you know they protect me um uh so I don't necessarily have anything connected to delivery or dedicated this week um I guess just announce what I'm working on outside of that um doing some research for organizations that I think Erica talked about in the U.S we could call earlier in the week so I included the research issue and I've been constantly adding and refining research questions there and then I'm doing a workshop on breaking chains um so I'm adding people from different departments at the moment and it could be doing that soon and it's going to be kind of a mix of asynchronous and synchronous workshop parts I was looking for Jocelyn on the list because has been struggling with breaking changes and I see her there yeah, that was somebody who came up pretty quickly in conversations with PM that I'm working with Sam, he was like Jocelyn definitely let's include her but if you have any other suggestions on who might be a good person to include let me know that's all the updates that I have this week okay so what does we are at the end of the agenda anything that someone wants to bring up if not, then this is it it's in the meeting here bye everyone have a good one. [Music]"
    },
    "HFEFQ4NcgSQ": {
        "captions": "Yeah, so, um, yeah, so I'm just going to go over some of the things that the pipeline authoring team is doing to figure out a better way to collaborate between Ux, PM, and Engineering. So first off, we had lots of discussions in the retro that I started to gather feedback from the engineers on how they would like this retro, yes, um, how they would like to work with Ux, so like how do they want to collaborate on issues, when do they want to be included, what is the preferred way to receive updates from Ux, like all of these things, and, uhm, our front-end engineers provided lots of, uhm, very detailed feedback that really helped me better understand, like what, uhm, what is the problem, like what is that gap that exists between us and, like, it answered a lot of questions for me and kind of opened my eyes to some of the problems that I didn't think were problems, so that was great. So there was a discussion here with some follow-up questions and stuff, uhm, based on that and based on the survey that I ran to kind of set a benchmark score, which actually I have to finish analyzing this. I kind of analyzed the results but haven't really documented them yet, so I have to do that, but, uhm, I ran a survey, it's anonymous so I can share the results with you, I think, which was interesting because it really highlighted that there's a gap between what the engineers want and what I'm providing, even though I felt like I'm really doing such a great job communicating all of the Ux findings, but I just wasn't doing it in a way that made a lot of sense to them and that was easy for them to consume. So it turned out that a lot of the team members, so these responses were from front-end engineers mostly, but also backend, and also one engineering manager as well. Half of the team doesn't really feel included or excluded into the Ux process, I guess they just don't really feel that much involved and I'll kind of go over some of the most interesting results, but most participants, they didn't understand how Ux research ties into our product direction and the user experience. So that was interesting also because for me and Dove, it's obvious, we know why we're doing it, and we know why it's important and we share it, but it's just like we weren't able to really show how it ties to our product direction yet at least, because again, we're very new. So, I guess it's normal that we're going through this process. And, uhm, yeah, so it turns out also we weren't including the engineers early enough, so specifically that goes for our front-end engineers. We would include them after we do like a first pass on a design solution or like a design proposal and from that, and from there on, we would really include them, and we would collaborate with them at that point, but they felt like at that point we're already leading with some type of solution that we created based on the insights and the data and the business case that they don't fully understand. So, uhm, we found that there's an opportunity for us to establish more trust, for example, for sure and to show like a more solid foundation that we already have in our heads, but show it to the rest of the team of all of the Ux research insights and all of the like opportunity canvases that Dove has been working on and you know, things like that. So, um, there's also Mr where I propose some changes, but there will be many more changes, mainly just like simplifying things. You can go over this Mr if you're curious about like what are the things that I'm hoping to accomplish in terms of Ux collaboration on the team and there's an ongoing discussion here between the engineers and the engineering managers and job, and I, uhm, if you have any comments also feel free. Chairman, if you have any suggestions for like what worked for you, um, so we're still in the middle of it today, we have a sync discussion, like some of the team members are breaking up pretty early, I'm staying up late for this because it's super important. So our goal is to, uhm, our goal is to align on like a small process change that we know will be impactful and that will be piloting and for now we're thinking that we will focus on fostering async communication and async updates between engineers and Ux to help us document everything better and that will solve many problems in terms of the shared understanding that we create and how accessible the information is. So, yeah, very excited about this and it's been taking up a lot of my time and just like kind of mental energy because it's this kind of messy human relationship thing that needs to be figured out, but let's see how that works out. I think we can figure it out, thank you for sharing this, I know that it's, we've been talking about this, it's a recurring theme across GitLab and I'm curious to hear also from others, I know that, uhm, Vitica with your team, you managed to align things in a, um, I would say a much easier way, and your, your own boarding and you getting to know people, but, uhm, yeah, I'm curious to hear with your experience and your thoughts on the survey or the results that Adia shared, um, so, I, I couldn't put a finger on what is going, uh, good or see, but I'm very happy with how things are, the engineers are very responsive, and they're always keeping an eye out for any new updates on the issue by me or by someone else. So, the discussion part of the CI team, it's very healthy and it's very productive that I'm just having a hard time of taking out an actionable improvement that the pipeline authoring team could make by getting inspired by how we work because it's also organic, so I couldn't really suggest something, so for my part, this last milestone 1311 was my first milestone fully as a, as a designer in release, so for me, it was, rather than having an optimal process, just having any process was the first time I was implementing a design process here. I already got really good feedback on how I can improve and some things that I realized were not ideal, so I'm going to start using Loom videos, for example, to communicate the broader design division for an issue because just typing walls of text sometimes doesn't really work as well to communicate the meaning behind the design changes. Adia, I think it's really great how not only you had this initiative to improve the process but also you used the design process to improve the design process. That was really amazing, the survey and everything. I'm still figuring out where to go in terms of design process for release but I'll definitely steal some of your ideas to have better feedback in a similar way more structured right rather than just asking, \"Hey, what can I improve?\" So thanks for the really good example. Yeah, I think my main learning from this whole process so far was that I should have run the survey like one week into the pipeline authoring team being born. Just maybe not this exact survey, but to better understand the background of all of the engineers and how they're used to working to understand what gaps to expect and what gaps to kind of predict that they will form because this is their background and this is my background, so I could adjust earlier on. But yeah, better late than never. Yeah, that was actually going to be my point. I was cycling this, I think a key like element to success especially for us that, you know, we are all remote company and we are facing first as that whenever you join a team or someone you join get that person into a Zoom chat and ask how do you want to work, what's your experience working with designers. This is what I do, this is what I'm expecting from you, how can I help you know, and I think a lot of times especially in teams where either they don't have a strong experience working with designers, but also where they are development first right in terms of they're led by engineering. So, teams that are less mature in terms of design processes, et cetera, I think it's important that we take the lead and have this tough conversations with folks to build that bridge up and it's awesome that Adia and also Dove, right during this conversation with the team are really asking, \"What do you want to see from us?\" I think that's also very important to connect with people on a personal level and maybe something that we can bring to the UX department but not in terms of here's what I'm we're doing, but how can we, you know, if this keeps happening, if this is a recurring thing in other teams. Here are a couple of tips for designers, here are a couple of questions that we should be asking our peers and I don't know because he'll have a framework to help others, but it's a people issue, it feels like it could almost be framed as a health check for the design process, for our team. Like maybe you don't know what's going wrong, maybe you don't what's less than ideal, but using some of these questions, you can start to raise the reasons why and find a solution, right, and on similar lines. I'm also thinking about something similar that I feel that everything is going fine, but I think this is a good reminder that we should be checking with our team. I mean, before something gets out of control, I just keep checking if everybody is fine with the team process or do some people expect some changes due to current circumstances or something, so we should be doing that more regularly. Question: How is it done today in your teams? In terms of retrospective because I know that in the UX department, we do have like a general retrospective. My experience, for example, with the release management team was that the EM and also the PM would be the ones taking on the topics, right in the feedback from the engineering, the UX team, whatever, and creating action items for us for the upcoming milestone. How is that done today in your teams? In CI, at least, we do have a retrospective, I'll put the link here and I mean the discussions happen and if there's something actionable, I think Cheryl and Tao used to take a look at it and Sam as well and some action was taken against those critical points. Yeah, it's kind of the same thing on the pipeline authoring team. I don't know if we create issues for all of the items to be honest, I'm not really well aware like I was never tagged on any of those issues, if Sam and Cheryl used something to track those efforts maybe but I know that we do have a section for actionable items I liked one of our retros there somewhere at the top of the age and we just link them there like just bullet points, this is an action item, we want to do this, we want to do that and then when we created the next retro at that point we have a look at the previous retro and we see what happened to the action items and Cheryl and Sam and Dove probably fill it out. I'm not sure who exactly is involved, but I know that Sam for sure shared updates on actionable items and we had discussions about that in the weekly team meetings as well. I'll paste them in your retro just to ask and also to ask if this time based on what you have today right, the sync retrospective, you can create those issues that refer to things that belong to UX, sortings that you need to work on with Dove, etc. I think that's important. That was my experience in release management, we were very, I think we're very well structured in terms of process and I actually have one example here to share. Yeah, so let me add to the agenda because it's a good reference. The action item, singular situation that I had is not different and the merge request review process. So, I was not being tagged on any merge requests or being asked for a review, lots of UX that being generated and the engineering manager John, back here, created a specific issue where the front-end engineers and I could just go in and review. So all our conversations happening separately and we were responsible for taking that action item, working on it, and the bridge on a separate discussion. I think it's something interesting to bring to your teams if you are working on feedback during the retrospectives and just checking if they are doing this way and if not, and if you don't feel comfortable having this conversation, just let me know and I'll reach out and I'll check in with the teams. Awesome, I think beautifully you have the next point. Oh, yeah, so it's more of a ready-only but I'll still vocalize this. So it starts last day today and yeah, that's pretty sad and following that there might be some changes that will take place in the CI design priorities. So, I'll be having meetings with Jackie one-on-one to discuss the UX projects for CI and a few things might change but I will try my best to keep everyone informed around those. Yeah, thanks for the heads up Vitica. Have you seen, I know that's a bit off-topic, have you seen the planning for the next three milestones that Jackie already created? I have been having a look at that because Tao also created, I didn't know that Jackie again created something, I'll check that out. I think it's the same but I'm just gonna add them here so you can see, thank you so much. Plenty, of course, and I think with that transition, I think it's important to remember all of us that transitions happen and I think this team is a, it's a living prove of, you know, GitLab changing and people leaving and joining in a very short period of time. If anyone needs help especially with these transitions with the research, please let me know, I'm here to support you, I'm here to find the connections and trying to understand who can help you. We're not, I think it's important to align that we're not asking anyone to do more stuff than what they already do today, it's all about aligning the priorities and figuring out what we can discover and to make room. So, again if you need help let me know, I'm here for you. Thank you so much, anything else before we jump to the fun stuff? Not that the other stuff wasn't fun. Yeah, yeah, I just want to ask if anyone has any fun plans for focus Fridays, if you have been using your plan to use this Friday to work on lead and growth and development stuff or just personal stuff. For me, I'm taking the Friday this Friday to work on my upcoming week because I'm doing a lot of interviews for the testing runner design role, so talking to and speaking with a lot of people, very time-consuming but also very tiring, so on Fridays I don't have any interviews and I'm happy about that but also the afternoon I'm studying Japanese because I feel like I haven't really focused on any of my personal, not personal development as in GitLab but personal growth stuff so I'm taking the whole afternoon to study and maybe struggle a little bit with language learning but it's always fun, good to me. Yeah, if anyone, see what you added is nice, yeah, I have a hover conference this Friday which I'm very excited about to learn some advanced CSS stuff, they have this weird dates I think it's split within two dates so it's gonna be this Friday and the other piece later on, so really excited about it, we'll take lots of notes and share with you all. I think they will likely have videos up soon so everyone will be able to watch it as well. That's awesome. Fun fact, Daniel and I met at the CSS conference in Amsterdam so we're both CSS nerds, that's how it all began. Oh yeah, I wanted to mention that Adia and I participated in the bad conference but the participation couldn't be, it didn't go as planned because the technology was very shaky and very disturbed so even I, who I really struggled, I thought if I have taken the leave I would go through the videos as they go live but it was just not possible so when I'm working on getting the recordings and then going through them is, as an idea was it on their site, their own infrastructure, yeah, yeah, I couldn't, I couldn't, I shouldn't, it was being recorded, wow, but if you couldn't follow it I think it's something that, yeah we should look into or we could, yeah, yeah it was a bad experience, right, I'm sorry about that, that's, that's shitty I can say that, yeah, hopefully the recordings will be fine because it also wasn't that cheap honestly so it's a bit of a disappointment and the recordings are still not live, one of them so even took some time off last week to listen to all the talks but I'll just have to do it whenever the recordings come. I want to check in with Christie and Valerie to see if there's something that we should be doing about this, right, because it's the same as if we were going to a conference and the conference doesn't happen because I don't know their venue doesn't, I don't know there's no seats for people, yeah, so yeah you're right, yeah, so it was mentally very exhausting I'm not looking forward to it for myself, if you can, the letter, oh just I'll briefly just slap me with what happened in what issues you had, and then I'll, I'll think with that, we'll just throw them messages to see if there's anything we can do, bad conference, you just didn't understand that there was a purpose, yeah, there was one more, it was Tech Circus, the host was Tech Circus, no comments, but we can do that, well, but anyways, if of course if you get access to where you get access, where you get access, right to the content, please take the time to go over things and even though it's not the official conference, but I think it's important to have that the mind space to do that, so feel free to drop a you know, weird thing, focus time, take a day or two, not sure if the conference was a day or two, but do your thing, you're free to do that. Thanks, and I asked Adia, you're working on interview training, oh yeah, I thought we were already out of time, yeah, I'll be doing, I'll be working on interview training, which I wouldn't say it's fun so I should probably add something else that's fun, I have like replying to retro issues and doing interview training on my list for now, but I'll add something more interesting to that, it's fun, Vitica started right, she did a shadowing this week with Mateo that last week, oh yeah shadowing is fun, I'm sure, yeah, I could share some tips with you as well like things that I was not prepared for, cool, yeah, that'd be great, yeah, please align on that, that'll be awesome, and I think you should also add a plus one here go over the trainings I think that's the most important and when you're done with the trainings bring me the issue and so hey, I'm ready to start shadowing now because I think especially with the time zones would be interesting to get"
    },
    "qGFoZ8yodc4": {
        "captions": "Hi, this is Eric Joh. It's February 18, 2021, and this is the Engineering Key Review at GitLab. So, I've got number four in the agenda, which is a proposal to break up this meeting into four departments Key Reviews. Currently, this is Engineering Development Quality, Security, and UX Infrastructure and Support do their own Key Reviews. Already, I have the reasons why, increased visibility, able to go deeper, increased the objectivity with which my reports can manage their groups, allow me more time to focus on new markets, and allow me to shift into more of a question-asker mode than generating content and answering questions in these meetings. But to avoid adding three extra new meetings to stakeholders' calendars, I propose we do a sort of two-month rotation. So, month one development quality goes, month two security and UX would go. How do people feel about that proposal? I think in the group conversations, it's working really well. So, I'm supportive, and this is the smallest thing, maybe we need four meetings a month like it's the biggest apartment, it's super essential. But you propose this, I don't. I could see either way, so let's stick with the proposal. Cool, we'll try it, and we can be flexible. I mean, the development is larger, maybe they go more frequently or something like that, but we'll see how it goes. Alright, and then I've got number five, which is we've got RD overall MR rate, and we also have RD wider MR rate both as top-level KPIs for Engineering. So, the difference between them in the simplest sense is that RD wider MR rate includes both community contributions and community MRs. The problems I see with this are that one, the wider MR rate, the one that includes internal and external MRs, it duplicates the overall MRA, which is, sorry, sorry, the wider MR rate should just be external, right, and the overall should be arrow plus wider. Oh yes, like we say, the wider community right. Okay, so there's, I'll have to check the taxonomy, Lily, can you, can you confirm? Sorry, that's Sid's reasoning is my understanding as well. Yeah, I believe wider MR rate just captures community contributions only and no internal. Yeah, and the reason we measure that is that like one of the most likely failure modes is that we lose the community. Yeah. So Eric, where it gets goofy is that when you look at a specific team within the company, there could be contributions outside of that that aren't community contributions. They would be viewed as community contributions by that group, but effectively, they're not from outside the company. So that's why we use wider to kind of reflect that and arrow is very specific to the team. Are you saying that if someone in plain contributes to verify, it's viewed as wider and not quite that plain, plain in verify are just fine? It's when you look at like development versus infrastructure, infrastructure will oftentimes contribute to developments work, but it won't be counted as MRs. Okay, that's a potential bit of fuzziness that we should talk about separately. I didn't have that in my sort of critique of this, but that doesn't necessarily make intuitive sense to me. So part of my critique of this can be thrown out because it's not as duplicative as I thought, but I still think there's a problem with RD wider MR, which is this thing doesn't really move in part because it's a rate. So it feels like the way to drive this up is to specifically drive community authors to contribute more than one MR per month. That's how this moves up because it's a productivity rate. Like we use internally and that doesn't necessarily feel like the right thing because there's scenarios in which this goes up, we've actually got less contributions overall and less contributors overall. Wait, wait, wait a second. So you're saying that RD wider MR rate is number MRs per external contributor. Oh my goodness, that should not be the thing. It should be contributions per GitLab team member. So the country, those, the thing above the division is the external ones, and the thing below is the number of team members at GitLab. Is that the case, Lily? I'm checking right now. I think so, internal team members. So unless we start calling people outside the company team members, it shouldn't be done. Yeah, just clarifying here. So our numerator is community contributions, and the lower denominator is GitLab team members. So it's not per external member. So what we're doing, Eric, is we're not trying to say how many MRs does someone send if they send something. We're saying how many MRs from external do we get for the size of our organization. Sorry, I have a childhood emergency outside the door. So maybe explaining the context behind this. The context is, as we grow as a company, we should make sure we keep the community up like the logical thing is for the community to flatline and the size of the company to grow and before you know it, you've kind of outgrown the wider community. Yeah, and what I'm seeing is we've created this pre-sophisticated taxonomy with prefixes and postfixes to talk about these things, but in reality, we've only got two of them and we keep forgetting. We have a hard time discussing this thing. So I'd rather just name them simply, some two names for what they are, rather than using the taxonomy, but also like in the future, I have the proposal of like what if we just tracked as a KPI of the percentage of total MRs that come from the community over time? And we would see that drop. I love that. Let's do that instead. Okay, but the thing why we have this complex thing is because you can game that, you want to gain that you just produce fewer MRs with the engineers at GitLab. So if you drive that really hard and say this is your number one goal, it's very easy to achieve. You just tell all your engineers to produce half. So we have different metrics to prevent that from happening the same way that like support SLAs kinda buttress one another. I think we're robust to that, but simplifying this would make these conversations go much smoother. If you as our CTO don't even understand them, we went overboard. So I'm supportive, you understand them, and yourself, I was reviewing this stuff this morning, I'm like there's a problem with this and then you just reminded me of the context. Yeah, if I can't hold up my head, percentage that come from the community. I love that, it's what all our investors ask about. Let's do that. Okay, cool. So Lily, if you can work with Max to make that transition, that would be great. I'll address the one that we're talking about at room numeral 3. Thanks, I'm off the call. Sorry it was a bit late. Timeliness, we do have PIs on the raw number of community MRs and we can make the shift and why they're confirming the definition. I think that only counts for community and that's what the definition is. Cool, alright. So number six. Christopher, sorry I was looking up to see if I had the percentage graph because I think we played around with this at one point and had a draft of that probably about five months back if I can remember, Lily. Just an FYI, the month of February, if you were looking at any particular metrics, particularly in development at MR8, we haven't had updates in four days. There's apparently a lag issue that's been problematic for the data team to basically get updated messages and updated metrics, and they're working on that. Okay, I'm sorry, Mike, you got the next one. So, yeah, I, there's some color there on the mitigation, the lag, later on, we continue, I said FYI in addition to the KPI status. I'm sorry I wanted to just touch on the Postgres replication issue there real quick. I've been trying to get my arms wrapped around it. Do we have the right attention to this? This is kind of Eric. I don't know if you were commenting on this in the last meeting around some of the infrastructure improvements on the product side. I'm just not quite sure whose responsibility is to focus on getting a handle on some of the constraints we have in replication. Yeah, the what I was mentioning in the last product key review about an hour ago I think is sort of like unrelated and so I think the drive needs to be your kind of data engineering team, but of course, there's a dependency on infrastructure because that's where the data is being piped from. They do own that data source. Yeah, I'll say for the replication lag in that slave host where, sorry not the other, the secondary host where the data is being pulled from like the infrastructure would be the driver for that and so any escalations below, well, I'll own those and I know we have an action plan for that as far as creating another dedicated host just for the data team to pull from. Okay. I did actually, I saw that issue and talked to Craig Holmes a little bit as well on the database side just to see if there are some database improvements and I'm still trying to figure out if it's truly just a dedicated computational sort of resource, a server, or if there's actually some database tuning that needs to occur. Do you have a sense of that? So, I'd say if it's three different things, it's having a dedicated host that doesn't have conflicting query traffic coming from other workloads. There are some tuning performance or tuning improvements to be made and then there's also improvements in and this is where it does maybe relate a little bit to what the topic was in the last review, basically the overall demand on the database layer from comactivities and like improving those, so it's definitely not just one of those things but one of the most specific actions we're going to take though is separating out and having a dedicated house so that we're just dealing with the profile of the data engineering traffic on there and not having conflicting queries affect the ability to update the replication. I definitely want to partner with you on this one because I don't think the demand on those databases is only going to increase, it's not going down, and I think we need to get, I'm still unclear on where to focus on to get the biggest bang for the buck. I think if the computational resource dedication that's going to be a good thing, but it's probably going to squeeze the balloon and the next area will unearth itself. Okay, and I'll tell you what, I'll put it in the Infrastructure review for next week. Okay, and update on this issue, thank you, Steve. So, to the action on Steve, or yes, thank you, and Rob was in the assassination incident this morning as well, Ryan just said we have the attention there. Number seven, just to provide an update on previous conversations, we're continuing to improve defect tracking against SLAs. There's a first iteration PI that we are experimenting to show a percentage of defects meeting the SLAs, key findings as ones are hovering at 80%, s2 at 60%. We've been focused mostly on s1s and s2s at this point hence why s3 and s4 are lower and this will likely be the case. We are also in part B, working on the measurement for average opened box age. This would give us a whole picture of what's left if the age goes up or down. We're clearing the backlog, the average age should go down as well. There's no PI yet, but I just wanted to update and ensure that we're on this. It's not off-track. Number C, Craig on s2. I was looking through the charts and I noted that there was a spike in meantime to close. Yeah, and just wanted to see if you had any insight into that for us. This is the s2s, the s1 looked fine. Yeah, this is where the point before on age supplemental shards in the backend helps. So I haven't seen a dip in age or account overall. I think it's the latter we need to dig into a bit deeper in that and also the data lag I would like to reevaluate once we have the whole picture when everything is synced in as well. Christy, you have some insights. Yeah, I'm just wondering if part of this could be the fact that we changed the severity across the board for MRs to s2. And so we may have some older bugs in there that hadn't been addressed because they were at a lower severity. Now we've moved them to s2 and maybe that caused a little spike. That could be the case. If we did it in a limited fashion, it won't be a huge volume. We also iterated after the P9 priority since product prioritization. So I wouldn't account it entirely to that. I mean, this isn't the time for a Key Review but I know that they've gotten backed up on those issues. So if some good portion of those are in for created or related then that might be lifting it as well. I can take the deeper dig in and the provide an update next time. I think we need extra debug slicing the data here. So, you would like to go to 0.8. Yeah, we are now measuring s1s2 slowness achievement with closed bugs but if you look at the number of bugs, it's exponential growth, and the it would be trivial to us to achieve 100% slo achievement if you just look at close bugs. Even though if there would be a major problem in the company, 99% of all bugs are overdue as long as I only close ones that are still within the slo I'll have a great achievement. So I think we shouldn't be looking at the closed bugs I think we should be looking at open box, the entire population or percentage of those within the slo time. I think we're doing it the wrong way. Thanks for the feedback. So, and thus why we wanted to have the average age to measure what's outside in the open. We can make this iteration to measure also focus on the age of all open including open bugs. This is all something we have discussed with Christopher in the next iteration as well and we're happy more than happy to adjust. So, yeah, that's great. We can take it to the next data metrics workstream to deliver this. Cool. Thanks. These are pretty challenging Mac. You'll have to figure out how to because we like to be able to have charts that we can historically reconstruct if we need to. So when tickets close out you need to go through their history to figure out at this time when it was open did it breach the slo or not. That's a good point. This might be much harder computationally and so I totally respect if we can't do it for that reason. Cool. I agree. Craig, I just wanted to ask the team like if you went through all the metrics meetings, everything looked in line with prior periods and looked good. Is there anything the team wants to call out, especially that we should be watching? Yeah. I'll call out SUS or system usability. So, the good news is in Q4, we had our smallest decline over several quarters, so we only went down by a tenth of a point. The quarter before was 0.6 or 6/10 of a point. And the quarter before that was a full point. So we see this as an improvement even though it was still a decline, but it's still a decline. Obviously, we want this actually tracking in an upward direction. We also don't have enough data to know whether or not this is actually a real trend up so I'm optimistic. I think this is a good thing. We have had a much keener focus on SUS over the past several quarters. That's why I think the work that we've done is actually catching up and getting noticed in SUS, but we've got to keep an eye on it. We can't assume that's the case. Yeah. And the bug discussion above, just kind of points out that we have an underlying problem right now in our metrics measurements. So if we change the measurements to reflect that then hopefully we're in good shape. If we don't and we flatline and address it so that we flatline on s1s and s2s, we will see a temporary jump in and us above SLAs and as we clear out the backlog over that period of time and point C is similar to infrastructure. We need to get more security work prioritized. We're hearing that from the team but either that problem or that activity is sort of currently reflected in our security metrics so we have some work to do long-term to make sure that we see things like that in the metrics and the measurements that we're making. Back to you, Sid. Yeah, the arrow MR rate seems significantly below target and maybe I hope that it would bounce back from December. I think it bounced back but not back on target. So any context there, what's going on? So, with family and friends days, we actually had some heavier vacation days in January than we historically have. One thing to note is that we are actually at a higher MR rate if you go back the last 18 months. We're actually at a higher year MR rate than we were back in each month of this year. So, if you compare October, November, December, and January comparatively to last year, what you'll find is we're between a half point and a 1.5 MR rate above where we were in the previous year. That's great context. Thank you, Christopher. Good work. Yeah, so the expectation is that February is a short month. We were at I think 16 workdays with friends and family day and other things. Obviously us having power outages in Texas doesn't help things either for the folks who are working in Texas. But hopefully the rest of the team is being effective. I was hoping to see a better result right now, but with four or five days particularly around release week, that's usually when we do see a little bit higher activity. So that's not accounted for yet. But you know March's merch is what I'm expecting to see a real rebound. Much like we did last year. Awesome. Thanks. The other context I'll give is we now do time series targets, so when we change the target, you'll see that reflected in the line. So if we were to look back historically here, the goal here was actually lower, and Christopher was ambitious and we kept raising and we kept meeting that. So it should stair-step here and we could go back and reconstruct that if we really wanted to. And the original or the season of the seasonal dip here, we raised it to I think 11 and then we realized we're kind of hitting that point of diminishing returns and the right thing to do business-wise and this is in our FY22 direction is to hold the line at productivity but start to raise other things related to quality security availability and other things. So that's why you're seeing this bump is we raised it and we realized okay that's not the, we shouldn't raise it anymore and we brought it back down to 10. So 10 will be the target going forward. I'm going to try to get better at lots of other things while preventing this from dipping. Cool. And just want to call out that it's not necessary higher MR rates should also help to address security and quality"
    },
    "t-NF5fNOyo8": {
        "captions": "Oh, attention. Hey Albert. Hey! Hey, does it still take you a while to join meetings? Like, do you have to join like two minutes early just to get Zoom going still or just like it's much faster? It's not immediate like five seconds or ten seconds. Okay, it's fine. Cool. Mark second because he's in the document. Hey Remy, hey everyone. I say we go ahead and get started. I see Mark's in the doc. I'm sure he'll join here soon. In the spirit of Remy coming back, I thought it would be fun to talk about a memorable trip or vacation people have taken. Mine - I think I will remember this for quite some time, in March when I went to Aruba with my wife. It was right as the pandemic was starting and we were kind of wavering about going. It was great, Aruba is like it's an Island in the Caribbean, so beaches, sun, things that we don't get to experience around here. Super fun! But as we came back, that was when everything was shutting down in the US, and that's pretty much our only memory of the trip. We came back and the pandemic was unfolding in the US. I was talking with my wife about that this weekend - it's kind of soured the trip, but it was fun when we were there. But, it'll be memorable for a different reason. Remy, what about you? Um, about me? So I love road trips, and I did some road trips with one of my best friends a few years ago. We went to Canada, in the Quebec part of Canada and we did, I don't know, like four or five national parks. So hiking obviously, and also we went to see, uh, whales in the, the Saguenay River, basically just like between the river and the sea and so, yeah, that's a really cool memory. And the next year, we did another road trip with the same friend in Scotland and that was also super fun. So yeah, road trips are always fun. Like this year as well, I was in Italy and that was awesome. But yeah, I did many road trips so I wouldn't go to details for each one. Mark, what about you? My most memorable would be India, so I spent two weeks in India. I think it was maybe about seven years ago now, but that was one of the first trips that I'd taken outside of Europe, and it was just amazing. It was just so different and just experiencing that for the first time. But we traveled to maybe I think it was about six or seven different towns, traveling on the trains there because the trains in India are really cool, they've got different classes, so you can sleep on there for the overnight trains or some of the short ones there's not any beds. But we were on all sorts of different trains, and the trains themselves are really, really cool. Experience. But, um, we traveled down most of the west coast and then back up again. But it was only two weeks but it felt really, really long and we saw a lot of what they had in the south including the backwaters, which is just like lots of palm trees and lots of open water just set back from the coast and it's really, really beautiful. But that was especially memorable for me. Is it Albert next? Yeah, yeah. So like four years ago, my wife and I went to Japan. So that was very memorable because, we went there for the Tokyo Marathon and Tokyo Marathon is known to be very difficult to get. So people need to apply, and there will be a ballot to tell you whether you get an entry into the race or not. And we both tried on the first attempt and we got it. So, it was quite memorable. It's like we know friends who have tried three or four times and they couldn't get an entry at all. So yeah, it was fun. And also because there's like a lot of training leading up to it, so it was, it makes the trip more worthwhile, I would say. Yeah, so we went there and then followed by like one, one and a half weeks of vacation after that, just going to different parts of Japan and the train is really good. So, very accessible, we could get from one city to another in one hour two hours, so saves a lot of time. Attention: Oh, I didn't travel a lot and so I think the most memorable, not sure if it's the most memorable, but it at least is a significant one that's for the first give that country something I joined in, I went. That's my first time in Australia to Austin and that's quite different because that's my first time which I really traveled alone because previously I always just come with someone and people bring me there. I didn't do anything. That's my first time I really handled my trip. And probably also, other trips with that because like last time to Greece that's my first time to Europe and it's much different Mexico I ever thought about going to Mexico and things like that. Cool. Thanks. Thanks for sharing everyone. Albert, really cool to hear about the Tokyo Marathon, I had no idea. That's really cool. So, I'll move into the announcements. Try to move quickly here. I did want to pass on my thanks for being really flexible last week - it was a kind of a strange week for me being without power and internet. I liked to. It's called a direct, it's a storm. I had never heard of until it hit us. Very 2020 thing to happen, like year 2020, I feel like. It's essentially a Category two hurricane that went across the whole state. So, I was watching TV before the power went out here. They were like, well, there's going to be some severe thunderstorms and they're like, well, it's really building and it might produce a tornado. And the power went out and it was just, I mean, the devastation in the article that I linked to, the damage is pretty bad. It's about I think, 80 kilometers wide, consistent wind speeds above 120 kilometers an hour. So just, and that went for 400 500 miles, I don't know what that is in kilometers but across, you know, the whole state it was pretty wild. Hopefully never have to experience anything like that again. They are tornadoes common in like the middle of the state, I've heard of one happening. I've heard of smaller ones happening in like Colorado and the mountains break it up so it doesn't last as long and in Minnesota, there was one that happened up into Canada a few yea...\r\n"
    },
    "GgnkH3uih4o": {
        "captions": "Hi, I'm the Executive Vice President of Engineering, and this is the September 22, 2020 Engineering Key Review. We're going to be covering four of the six engineering departments here: Development, Quality, Security, UX Support. Infrastructure has their own key reviews, so we'll try to direct comments to those meetings when appropriate. I know we had the infrastructure key review this morning, and there's one that was directed to this meeting about development. Note: I believe Christopher has a conflict about halfway through and has to leave early. So, if we could put questions for Christopher and development up high on the agenda, we get to those first.\n\nMaybe Christopher, do you want to elevate Number 6 in the agenda up to Number 4? Sure thing. Here we go, Item 4 - are we okay to proceed to that point? Can you hear me? Yes, okay. Do I just vocalize it? Yeah, sure. Sorry, I thought I didn't know if we had already gone Okay. Everything else was FYI. Sorry about that.\n\nThere was a request that we have the largest contentful paint marked as a KPI at the 75th percentile. Right now, what we've done in the short term for the first iteration is we are getting this in Grafana. So, we've added it to the handbook under performance indicators. It actually will point to a page with five charts of the different pieces that we're looking at improving on. Right now, it shows the median. We'll need to change that to the 75th percentile. Our plans are to pipe it into the data lake, and once it's there, get to the 75th percentile and then break it out into the five pieces we'll need to select one to be the KPI for that.\n\nCool. Mac, you've got Number 5? Sure, thank you. As a follow-up from the last meeting on me being the single interface for engineering metrics and how we remodel how we do data projects, here's the FYI on the current process. Some special thanks to Kyle, the lead on the Data team. We have five new PIs on personnel staff: the gearing ratio for quality and UX and six new PIs for overall community contributions. The first of them being the key, which is the volume of community merges. We cleaned up roughly 51 APIs to have clear directional indicators. I believe this was a callout from Paul last meeting. So, we are aligning on the above and below, making it standardized.\n\nOn point four, we are moving centralized handbook-first engineering indicators that complete the overall view of development, quality, and UX. These are drilled down into every sub-department in engineering and metrics from the counterparts of UX and Quality. And Craig, this is where you'll be passionate about the ones for the bugs because now you see the drill-down bugs all the way, and if you click on the metric, we also factor in security and infrastructure.\n\nGoing forward as the next iteration, full transparency opening up for everybody to see, and we have a few more in progress as well. In point B, 1,2,3. Lily is working hard on auditing all our KPIs to make sure it's standardized. We want to measure, Mr. Err, we're now working on how to track this as a back-house ledger. Because we need to know what accounts are submitting a mark. If you don't have that knowledge, you have to be working with a community relationship team to put these out. And then we'll continue to build on the centralized handbook-first metrics overall. So, I'll pause there for questions from the group.\n\nYeah, it's amazing progress, Mac. I think we made you our data czar two or three weeks ago, and this is a huge increase in the volume of work that was delivered. A bunch of exciting in-progress stuff. One thing I want to call out here is, on 5A, regarding the gearing ratio for our stats, do you want to talk about that versus the target?\n\nSure. Our target is at 42, and I believe we only have 15 or 16 S-d... Oops, click below to view the full response!"
    }
}